hey what's up everybody I'm franchise FX
and this is my Nintendo me bow wave to
give away so it's been about a month now
since the first wave of amiibo came out
and I've been hunting him down ever
since so I know all the stress and
frustration that can come with that
craziness because of that I thought it'd
be fun to do a giveaway I know that some
of these amiibo aren't rare and that
most people already have them but I just
want to help out anybody who either
doesn't have on the add once another one
of them or just want to give one to a
friend or something so here are the
details this giveaway is going to be
going on for the whole month of January
there will be a video posted up every
five days with the exception of this
video so I'm going to be posting a video
today which is January the first the
fifth the tenth the 15th the 20th the
25th and the 30th the five giveaway
video is following this one will have
both the winner of the previous give
away along with a new challenger amiibo
approaching the giveaway so please check
back every five days to participate now
in order to participate I decided to
limit the entries to the amoeba
subreddit since they were kind enough to
let me post this video up I'd also like
to see the community grow even more than
it already has this past month or so if
you haven't already been following the
amoeba subreddit I'll provide the link
below it's a pretty cool place and it's
really helpful if you're trying to hunt
down any specific amoeba anyways just
clarifying but each winner will only get
one of the wave 2 amiibo / giveaway also
keep in mind that these may not be the
exact same amoeba that I send you
because I may be able to find one's an
even better condition or something like
that not saying that anything is wrong
with the ones that I have but just
please keep in mind of all the variables
of your collector I just don't want any
confusion going on so without further
ado this giveaways amiibo is Luigi so if
you want a chance to enter the giveaway
all I have to do is leave a comment
below saying why you want the Luigi
amiibo like if you need them just to
finish your collection or if he's your
favorite character and if you do like
Luigi tell me why you like what we do
what games you like that have the minute
or anything like that you can always
just leave a normal comment since I just
need your username to enter you into the
giveaway but it's always interesting to
share your stories right the deadline to
enter each giveaway will be midnight
pacific standard time of the next
giveaway so for example if you wanted to
enter this giveaway you have until
January the 5th midnight pacific
standard time to leave a comment below
anyways that's about it feel free to
comment on the youtube video itself if
you have any questions thoughts or
opinions on the matter
I'd love to hear from you guys feel free
to also like this video if you want to
see any more giveaways in the future and
subscribe to my channel if you like any
of my other stuff you don't have to do
either but I just had to promote my
channel a little at the end so good luck
everybody hope you enjoyed this video
and until next time thank you for
watching